"The Crab Trap"

Nessan: "You want to set a crab trap? Well, it's one way to make some money around here. If you can catch some crabs from the sewage, I'll buy them from you at a good price. Everyone here used to set traps like this. Even the males... but nobody does it anymore. It's strange how the others have nothing better to do. Cleaning work, fishing with traps... those were common jobs. Even the males did it, believe me. Though things are a bit different now..."

Nessan: "About the sewage... well, the water depth has changed over time. It seems it used to be shallower. It hasn't increased, but it's become narrower. The floodgate they built is to blame. They made it to prevent the sewage from draining away completely. On the other side of the floodgate, there's a very deep abyss, they say. Some of the tracks have also been submerged because of the rising water level."

Nessan: "Tell me, are you interested in crab traps? Good, listen then... The floodgate was built to keep the water from disappearing completely. The factory people made it. But beyond that gate is a bottomless pit. People say strange things about it. It's not a place you can just walk into. The laboratory is next to the factory, but you can't get in there either. They say it has special locks."

Nessan: "The people here don't like the laboratory. They say it's all fake. But this whole world is fake, isn't it? So it's strange to hear fakes complaining about other fakes... But even I don't like that place. It gives me a bad feeling."

Nessan: "Songs have strange power, you know? Like the Wooden Horse at the Identity Shop. I think everyone has a sound that means something special to them. My favorite sound is the sound of this factory. It feels like this place belongs to me."

Nessan: "I'd like to ride in a boat at least once. Female machines don't have drive shafts, so we can't pilot boats. It would've been nice if they'd built a two-seater boat instead of just carts..."

Nessan: "Everyone's scared. That's just how it is. Nobody's at fault... something was just missing. Juice and Yan were just weak... And I... I don't care what happens to anyone. Who cares? It doesn't matter. ...But I guess I don't like the laboratory either. It gives me a creepy feeling. ...Maybe you're right."