Nessan: It wasn't like this before.
All male machines used to fish.
They caught frogs by fishing.
If you find an open area with lots of sewage,
then you can definitely fish there.
But there aren't many machines that go fishing nowadays.
People here will talk all big about it but
It doesn't really matter if you fish or not.

Nessan: It's less of an issue for the guys that follow a time table.
I'm talking about those guys at Clearwater Manor.

Nessan: When those guys come over here....
They don't even stir any females up.
That's just how they are.

Nessan: Yep.

Nessan: The Laboratory?
You know the two elevators at the Clearwater Manor?
One of them is the elevator to the Factory.
The Laboratory is next to the Factory. But you can't get in there.
Apparently it has a special lock on it.

Nessan: The machines here don't like the Laboratory.
They say that place is all fake.
But our world is fake in itself, isn't it?
So it's just a bunch of fakes calling others fake.
Right?
Yeah.
...But I guess I don't like the Laboratory either.
It gives me kind of a creepy feeling.
...Maybe you're right.

Nessan: Do you fish?
I wish I had a guy like you to fish
and bring some money home for food.
The crabs that Pneum brings me aren't enough.
The boy can barely feed himself as it is.
He's always busy doing other things I guess...

Nessan: It was nice meeting you.

Nessan: Songs have a strange power.
Just like the Wooden Horse at the Identity Shop.
And besides, everyone has at least one
sound that has some special meaning to them, right?

Nessan: My favorite sound is the sound of this workshop.
This is my place.
That's how it seems to me.

Nessan: What's your favorite sound?
You don't have to answer.
Just thought I'd ask.

Nessan: Everyone has a special sound.
That's just the way it is.

Nessan: I don't know about the hidden message board.
I'd rather you go fishing for frogs for me.
There used to be more frogs in the past, you know.
I guess it's a bad sign that the sewage level has decreased.
The water level of the sewage used to be lower. The sewage hasn't
increased, it's just gotten narrower. It's because of the flood gate.
They built the flood gate to prevent the water from draining away.
On the other side of the flood gate, there's a deep abyss.
Some of the tracks have sunk because of the rising water level too.

Nessan: Come to think of it, Shen also mentioned a flood gate once.

Nessan: You really like listening to me, don't you?

Nessan: ........Juice.......it's not her fault.......
Nobody's at fault ... something was missing ...
They were just weak ... Juice and Yan both .........

Nessan: It's not like I care.
I don't care what happens to anyone else.........
Who cares.....

Nessan: You're asking me about the dream diary?
I don't know what your intentions are, but.....
Do you even know what you're talking about?
What's lost can't be brought back.
You have no idea what you're talking about.
You don't understand anything...

Nessan: You should stop now.
Think for a second about what you're doing.

Nessan: A boat? What, are you starting a cleaning business?
People used to go out on boats. They'd fish and clean too.
You want to know what a cleaner is?
They look for parts that were formed in the sewage,
or collect the remains of dead machines. Stuff like that.
Nowadays, though, with all the factories, nobody's a cleaner.
And I'm not sure why, but,
New parts and machines that used to form in the sewage
have pretty much disappeared.
It's okay if you don't want to know.

Nessan: I'd like to ride on a boat
at least once in my life.

Nessan: Female machines don't have an output shaft.
We can't drive boats.

Nessan: The people here only ever build carts,
I wish they'd build a boat that could hold two machines.

Nessan: I'd like to ride on a boat
at least once in my life.

Nessan: ...Everyone is scared. That's just the way it is.