Chiyo: Do I know Psyche? ..................hmmm.
Psyche is a shadow.
A shadow is kind of like a clone.
Everyone had a shadow at one point.
Maybe you still have one. No, you definitely do.
But you know, the shadow eventually fades.
They'll disappear. I think you'd better hurry.
When that happens, it'll be the end of everything.
There's no way you can ever go back.
Huh? Where do they go? Anywhere I guess...

Chiyo: The shadow will eventually disappear.
I think you'd better hurry.

Chiyo: It was all started by Yan.
Everyone was abused by Yan.
But I don't think he had any intention of doing that.
He's terribly indifferent to other people.
I think he's just doing what he wants to do, you know?
What a nuisance.

Well, let me ask you something.
Do you know about Yan?
I see. I knew it..........
Yeah............

Chiyo: There's no point in that Laboratory.
I'm not sure what its relation to you is...

Chiyo: I'm an old machine...
Do you understand what old means...
What I mean by old is that I shouldn't do anything unnecessary....
Maybe it's none of my business..........

Chiyo: I can only do one thing now.
I've always only been able to do one thing.
If you think I'm lying, you can test me...

Chiyo: You know, Yan also had sheet music.
It was a hell of a score, though.
He used it to show off.
No one had ever heard of it. It was played in a box.
You could see the music play inside the box.
I never wanted to see it...

Chiyo: I guess it's all in how you use it.

Chiyo: You're going to see Psyche, aren't you?
It sounds like you're having a very hard time.
A machine that wants to get into other people's affairs...
There's never been such a thing....

I'm sure I told you before, but Psyche is a shadow, all the more so.
You'll find your shadow when you meet her.
Shadows have this kind of power. Psyche's is especially strong.
She's special. That's why Yan keeps Psyche intact.
If it weren't true, she would have been vaporized long ago.
Yan would never do that though...

Chiyo: You mustn't give up.

Chiyo: A dream diary? It's a strange thing.
No one remembers writing those.
I can't think of anyone who has one anymore.
There was a craze for it in the past.
Of course, I never planned on writing in one.
Next thing you know, it's right there in front of me. Like a fever.

Chiyo: Dream diaries...
When the boundaries dilute, they're all the rage....
I don't really understand it, though.

Chiyo: There are many things in this world that I don't understand.
It's more than just the dream diary.
It's no wonder that the most extraordinary things have happened.

Chiyo: You found out where the shadow is?
So Psyche told you.
Well, that's good. That's a relief for now.
Don't lose hope. You'll find it.

Chiyo: You just have to keep on trying.

Chiyo: ........ You met a shadow ....

Chiyo: ......... You're Yan, aren't you?
I knew it, right from the start.
You had a hunch from the beginning about this, right?
You're looking for the Protothought, aren't you?
There's a room that Yan used to use behind the New World stage.
Yan had contact with his shadow once.
That would be your shadow.
Yan was trying to make his shadow disappear onstage.
As a showpiece.
But he didn't do it. So if you go back there...